Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Let's go upstairs.
Guess it's about that time.
Come here.
We just wanna use
the bathroom. my guy.
There's four bathrooms
downstairs. Use one of them.
- Brother. what's your name?
- Marcellus.
Marcellus. Hey.
You know how it is. We
just need a little privacy.
It's just me. my lady.
and my boy. Benji.
Give us five minutes.
Ben stays with you.
I got you. my brother.
Follow me.
Hey. Marcellus. Can we use this one?
Five minutes.
You got five. Don't be in there
acting like you're on OnlyFans.
Hey. appreciate you. black man.
He said "OnlyFans."
On the clock.
Baby. take it off.
Girl. you gotta help me.
Ooh! Ooh!
Shit.
Jam it.
Ooh. baby. be careful.
Be careful.
Excuse me. sir. You don't
have a condom. do you?
I thought I brought one. but we
can't seem to find it anywhere.
No. and if I did. I'd keep it for me.
A nigga got a life too.
Guess we'll just have to risk it.
Goddamn. he wearing it out.
Three minutes.
Whoo. look at that.
I know it hurts. I'm sorry.
guys. but it's my party.
Bring it in.
Don't do anything stupid.
These guns are real.
and our intent is malicious.
Hands behind your
fucking back. hurry up!
Everybody calm the fuck down! Get
your motherfucking ass on the ground.
Hands. motherfucker! Didn't
you just hear what I said?
What are you doing? Just
let them have the money.
Don't fucking move.
- Bitch.
- Be nice. man.
The fuck?
Time's up!
We're almost done.
Hey. tinker bell.
Yo. my nigga. is that a patek?
- I need that. cuh. This my c-day.
- We have what we came here for.
- Thirty seconds!
- Hands.
Hey. it's mine. cuh.
- We just need a few more minutes.
- No. ma'am. it's time to go.
Come on. Come on.
We're good.
We're out.
Clear.
All right. y'all gotta go now.
Big dog.
This is for you. my brother.
My guy.
Motherfucking one time.
I didn't do it. officer.
You want a hit?
You must've forgot.
it's the first of the month.
- Gonna see that doctor I told ya to go to?
- Nothing wrong with me. except being old.
No pill you can give me to fix that shit.
I don't even know why I try with
you. You ain't ever gonna listen.
I gotta go. Amos. I'm waiting on a call.
Missing kid who needs my
help way more than you do.
How long you gonna keep running around
with that badge hanging on your neck?
For some of these young niggas. a
motherfucker like you would be a trophy.
Yeah. they gotta catch me first.
Best retire from these streets
before these streets retire you.
Like it did me. You
ain't built like me. nigga.
First of all. the streets ain't retired you.
You got caught. You went
to jail where you belong.
And you're right. I ain't built like you.
- You know who was built like you?
- Don't start with that shit again.
- What the fuck do you want from me?
- I want my brother back.
Only god can do that
shit. and he's busy. nigga!
What do you got for me?
You know where the
Alvarez girl is at right now?
Send me the address. I'll be right there.
You off to play hero?
Bye. dad. See you next month.
Shut the fuck up.
LAPD! Where's the girl?
I said. "where's the fucking girl."
help!
Whoever the fuck's in
there. I'll kill this bitch!
Help!
Hey. I got him. stiles. Go!
Give me a reason. pendejo.
This don't have to go bad
for you. Just let the girl go.
Fuck you!
My love. look at me. Look at me.
I'm a policeman. It's all gonna be okay.
You're going to go home
and see your mama and daddy.
Move! Or this little kunem
gets a bullet. motherfucker.
- I'm getting out of here now!
- You know who her father is.
There ain't no place on
earth you can hide after this.
- It's okay. baby.
- English. motherfucker!
I don't know who put you up to this.
but you are on a crash-out mission.
Straight expendable.
You have a choice to make.
Let the girl go. then tell me
who hired you to take her.
Witness protection. protective
custody. I can arrange that for you.
You can make yourself a new life.
Or I can end your life.
Right here.
You make the call.
Come here.
Don't look.
You all right?
Hey! Got the Alvarez girl back. I heard.
Nice work. lieutenant.
Good work. lieutenant.
Guy's a prick.
Anyways. last night. four-man
crew dressed as 1920s bank robbers.
They hit a Halloween
benefit in Beverly Hills.
Three of the guys walk out of the
party holding big bags with dollar signs.
In and out like pros.
They were pretty covered up. but
my witness said they sounded black.
What was that?
- Look. I didn't mean nothing by it.
- I know you ain't mean nothing by it.
You a scary-ass nigga.
I'm gonna take that as a compliment.
I know that's how you intended it.
But this robbery though. with
the costumes. Y'all got any leads?
Yeah. we're checking out costume
shops all around the south land.
Can't be that many places to
get 1920s bank robber outfits.
Y'all calling all the party cities to see
if these motherfuckers use a credit card?
- Is that it?
- Got a better idea?
All due respect.
lieutenant. I got this covered.
- They took something traceable. a watch.
- One watch?
Yeah. a rare $250.000 patek
Philippe. an insured family heirloom.
And once it is fenced.
I got 'em.
They kill anybody?
Nope. but I'll find this crew.
Okay? They'll make another mistake.
And when they do. I'll bring them in.
Sure you will.
Guys like that don't make mistakes.
Please don't tell me
you think it's the same
crew you've been looking for.
Pinche urban white whale.
You and these fucking ghosts.
Not ghosts. Cruz.
they're very fucking real.
See how scared that dude was
when you walked in with the two?
Motherfucking clippers.
man. Straight ass cheeks. cuh.
How do you move with all those
bookies' hands in your pocket. bro?
Jealous men shouldn't pimp women.
and broke niggas shouldn't gamble.
- Fuck out of here. cuh.
- Let me see that.
You stupid motherfucker.
- Ya couldn't help yourself.
- What?
Your baby uncle stole that
watch from the Halloween job.
This? I figure I haven't sold it yet.
Might as well floss this
motherfucker and get some bitches.
- Ain't you got enough bitches. bro?
- You must have got me confused.
My name may be Coltrane.
but I do not play improvisational
shit when it comes to jobs.
- You do it again. you're done.
- . man. fuck that.
You may be in charge. but
we all contribute to this crew.
Last job we pulled was in march.
It's fucking November. nigga.
Now. I may not be as educated
as you. but I know math.
And right now. I got one. two.
three. four. five. six mouths to feed.
Plus half my mama's bills.
minus seven months of this bullshit.
You know what that equals?
A broke motherfucker who
can't even get his gamble on.
'Trane knows we behind
schedule. but we need to chill.
Nah. fuck that. nephew.
Chill don't pay the bills.
We all know why we ain't been working.
And you know what. I get it. You was
going through some real personal shit.
What I'm not about to do is let no
nigga tell me how to eat when I'm starving.
This nigga owes us.
He speaking for all of you?
Deon's not wrong. 'trane.
A'ight. now it's on you to make us whole.
We need two more jobs
in the next two months.
- Don't fucking sell that watch.
- Nigga. I know!
Fuck it. shit. just give me
my cut from Halloween.
This nigga mad.
- Why you always doing dumb shit?
- What you talking about?
- Let me see that shit.
- You just mad because… look.
This shit nice. right?
Manny. you got him?
This is 1k20. Officer
down. Officer needs help.
God!
Come on. man.
Please. Come on. man. Manny!
Stiles!
Heard you got the Alvarez girl.
Great work. Isaiah.
I know how these
motherfuckers think. Jimmy.
Growing up where you did. how
you did. that makes you good police.
Yeah.
Make you a great captain when
I retire at the end of the year.
But that secret board you got behind
your desk ain't helping the cause.
Viggiano's case.
The Beverly Hills
robbery. It fits the pattern.
We've been through this
before. Isaiah. There's no pattern.
No pattern is the pattern. Jimmy.
Four perps. at least two of them black.
They hit high-end. high-level targets.
changing their mo every
time so we don't connect them.
I thought you said they always
use some kind of diversion.
Last night was the diversion.
Halloween in Los Angeles?
Parties. parades. crowd control?
No bigger diversion than that.
It fits the pattern.
But nothing's matched your
supposed pattern for seven months.
- It stopped cold.
- I think we were wrong.
I just don't understand
why they needed four guys
to steal a quarter-million-dollar watch.
- Something's off. Shit's different.
- A different crew entirely. maybe?
Come on. Jimmy.
Hey. give me the Beverly
Hills case. Put viggiano on ice.
You need to let vig work his case.
Focus on your career.
You got phenomenal instincts.
- As captain. you...
- I don't want that shit. Jimmy.
I wanna bring these guys in.
- I can't do that stuck behind a desk.
- But what does Candace want?
Aren't you supposed to
be having dinner with her?
Fuck.
Yeah.
Try harder. my ass.
I should've robbed a bank.
You'd have been here faster.
Made your favorite. but
not sure if it's still any good.
Lost track of time. baby.
You know what? I'm here now.
Yay. How was work?
- You don't wanna talk about my work.
- No.
Actually. you don't
wanna talk about work.
But since it's all you think about.
there's nothing for us to talk about.
Okay. …
Nine-year-old girl.
Paola Alvarez.
Kidnapped by some
Armenian crash dummies.
Held hostage in a house in Hollywood.
I get into the house.
I. disable the first guy.
Second dude wants to play games.
- Tried to get him to make the right call…
- babe. Isaiah.
I'm so sorry.
You always want these men
to make different decisions.
But not everybody's built like you. babe.
The little girl. Paola. she's
back home with her father.
Some big-time cartel guy. But. you
know. it's not her fault who her daddy is.
How do you know that about
her father. but not about your own?
His behavior's not your fault.
But you can't help taking it on.
Listen. Dr. Stiles. this
session's been great.
but I can no longer
afford the copay. so…
You can't afford to keep treating
our son like your father treated you.
I ain't like that nigga.
Different reason to run the streets.
different reason to own a gun.
Same working hours.
Candace. I never lied
to you about who I am.
- You had options.
- Boy.
You could've picked the suit. Could've
been Mrs. Uptight motherfucker.
You and Malik aren't as different
from each other as you think.
But back in college. I didn't want him.
I wanted you.
I want you.
On time.
Baby.
We can keep having the same
conversation over and over.
but it's never gonna go any different.
Can we skip to the end already?
Eat this incredible meal you prepared.
Enjoy ourselves.
Sure.
It's getting late.
- Let me heat up the chicken.
- Okay.
I'll go wash up.
Happy anniversary. by the way.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Tonight. I feel like celebrating.
Cash take was 1.7 million.
Wouldn't have happened without you.
Everything went off without a hitch.
All five of us.
We got in. We got out. Clean.
You were amazing last
night. You didn't miss a beat.
Felt good being in the moment with you.
Two of us. as a team again.
Like we were before.
Yeah. Coltrane. about last night.
I can't do that again.
I was terrified.
When you didn't come
through the door on time…
I was only seconds off.
Exactly. and if you'd run
into a real problem. I just…
But I didn't. And I won't.
You can't promise me that.
Look.
When we lost zahir…
Something inside me changed.
I just don't feel the way I used to feel.
Look. I want you to
think about what we said.
Remember we said we'd
be out once we had the baby?
We'd live a normal life. not
looking over our shoulders anymore?
That was our dream.
We may not have our son.
but I'm not willing to let
go of that part of the dream.
Okay.
The guys are hungry. ebony.
I have to make them whole.
We had march. but last night was
only the second job that we had this year.
Two more jobs. Two more jobs. that's it.
You and I can focus
on our future together.
Do you mean that?
I love you. ebony.
I love you too.
Come here.
You're so beautiful.
Do you wanna go upstairs
and work up an appetite?
I thought you'd never ask.
Candace. baby.
This was delicious.
Well. I only cook twice a year.
so I'm glad it was edible at least.
Hey. we don't have to clean
up right away. You know?
Good night. Isaiah.
All right.
Good night. Candace.
Shit.
Breakfast is in the oven.
Thanks. dad.
- Hey. grab mine too. yeah?
- Yeah.
How was your game yesterday?
It was cool.
I had ten points.
- Three rebounds.
- Okay.
Five assists. though.
And a steal.
Hey. good game. son.
Yeah.
… would've been cool if you
had come through. though.
I saw your next home game
on the calendar. I'll be there.
Sure.
I'm giving you my word.
That shit means something. I'll be there.
Noah. go get ready for school.
- Can I…?
- Yeah.
Look at mom with the drip?
Thanks for making breakfast.
Yeah. my pancakes
are better than yours.
I'm sorry. Isaiah. about last night.
I wouldn't have taken that tone if…
Why didn't you just tell
me you remembered?
I had a different idea…
of how things would go.
I hate we're like this. I…
- I hate it this way.
- I know.
Isaiah. wow.
I miss this.
Babe…
It's Jimmy.
I gotta take it.
I guess I should get Noah to school.
- Yeah? - Morning. sunshine.
We need to meet.
Yeah.
You're not on the Halloween
case. But here's the file.
There's nothing there says
it's the guys you're looking for.
If there's security footage.
you'll get it for me. right?
- I'm gonna catch these motherfuckers.
- You ain't. There's no them to catch.
And when you don't manifest
these imaginary motherfuckers.
you're gonna ruin your rep
because you sound crazy.
Or lose your goddamn badge
because you do something crazy.
I know what this shit is about. Isaiah.
What happened with detective
Shaw was a goddamn tragedy.
But we caught the son of a
bitch responsible two years ago.
Tyrell pope didn't kill Shaw.
We caught pope with the murder
weapon in the same jacket as the suspect.
And he had the keys to
the distro in his possession.
It was handed to us. Jimmy. On a
fucking platter. and we just took it.
Let it go!
It's over.
I'm vouching for you with the brass.
You need to go for captain.
Be home for dinner every night.
See your son.
- Boom.
- All right.
- We good now?
- We are more than good.
Wilder holdings is now the proud
owner of its 15th shopping center in la.
And this one's actually in your
name. No. shell company this time?
I wanna keep this
one on the books. Sam.
Ebony and I plan on keeping this property
in the community for the community.
Is that the old magic Johnson theater?
My. my. how the
neighborhood has changed.
Amazing.
Charlie. what's up?
I have that for you. I'm just
finishing up some business.
I'll see you there.
Welcome back. Coltrane.
Your cut from the Halloween job.
You can come in now. Tanya.
Miss tinker bell.
- You did good in there.
- Pleasure working with you.
Diamonds may be a girl's best
friend. but cash is for grown-ass women.
Now. speaking of grown-ass women.
how's my little sister? She good?
- Getting back to work?
- Ebony was amazing on Halloween.
Just like old times. Charlie.
I'm glad to hear it.
Even though the two of you can
stop this double-life shit any time.
You can walk. You got enough money.
There's never enough
when it comes to money.
My crew went hungry
while we were down.
They need to work. which
means I need another job.
So. I hope that file is
exactly what I think it is.
Six million in untraceable diamonds.
We'll take down 50 cents on the dollar.
So. three million bucks.
- Schematics?
- Downtown. Jewelry district.
Front for a money-laundering
crew. But there's a hurdle.
Stones are being held in 3 different safes
at three different stores
back-to-back on the same block.
It's not a hurdle. That's
a gauntlet. Charlie.
What's the timeline?
According to my source. the
stones will be gone in two weeks.
They're being held in even splits.
If you wanna ensure Max payout.
you're gonna have to hit all three stores.
Charlie. I'd like ebony to sit this one out.
- I got someone who can handle it.
- All right.
Ebony needs you. Coltrane. Come
back from this shit in one piece.
- You better keep your word with me.
- I never break my word.
Not to you. and not to ebony.
She's all I have. Charlie.
Same here.
Expect my call.
On my momma. momma.
The clippers can't never cover
a nigga's spread. Not never.
- What the fuck?
- Focus up. Deon.
We need you fully present here.
We only got two weeks. gentlemen.
Two weeks? That's faster
than we usually move.
You wanted work. right?
Here it is.
Untraceable stones. Three locations.
- Even amounts in each.
- So we gotta hit all three.
If I'm looking at this right.
when we get to a third
store. they'll be expecting us.
Bang. bang. My kids need a new daddy.
Yeah. well. the way I see it. there's
only one way to get this job done.
Fuck!
Our boss would like a word with you.
Do you know who I am. lieutenant stiles?
Miguel Alvarez.
Viejo cartel.
My family is very
grateful for what you did.
I'm having a small dispute about territory.
and things have escalated.
And you saving my
daughter from those animals…
You have to pardon me. lieutenant.
I'm not used to thanking cops.
This is all brand-new.
I would offer you cash as
a token of my appreciation.
- I ain't taking shit from you.
- Exactamente.
And judging by the way
you killed that one mamón.
I would hire you.
You know the answer to that too.
So if I can't pay you and I can't hire you.
all I can offer you is this.
If there's anything you ever
need that falls outside of your…
Official purview.
contact me.
- So you owe me now?
- If that's how you wanna put it.
Negocio es negocio.
Business is business.
Ernesto!
I executed the plan on Halloween.
but my heart was pounding.
I felt like I was gonna faint.
And so what? That's when
training and instinct kick in.
People either have it or they
don't. and you have it in spades.
No. I had it.
I'm not going back out
there. Charlie. I'm done.
Maybe you weren't ready
yet. You'll feel better next time.
There's not gonna be a next time.
- Coltrane and I have a dream.
- You livin' the dream.
You know how many girls want to
find black fucking prince charming?
- Get the house. the car. all that.
- Not you.
Hell no.
But you wanted that man. and I agreed.
He said he was going to build
up real estate business. pay taxes.
and make you look
like an honest woman.
But I didn't want you to be one.
Ivy league. you're criminally
minded. You almost as smart as me.
A couple more scores. you'll
be back the way you were.
I don't think I'll ever be the way I was.
I just woke up one
day. and zahir was gone.
That feeling of him moving
and kicking inside me was gone.
- Like it was never there.
- But you're still here.
I'm here. but I'm not the same.
I told Coltrane I'm done.
He promised me two
more scores. and that's it.
We change our lives.
I never used to be afraid before.
What would I do without Coltrane alone?
No matter what happens to Coltrane.
baby sis. remember you have me.
You will never be alone.
'Trane don't take unnecessary
risks. and he don't make mistakes.
You can trust that.
Look. Deon knows he fucked up.
And you know you. me. and him
been at this shit for 12 years now. right?
Shit. choi too. This is the family. man.
- This is the crew right here.
- The crew got rules. stro.
You preaching to the Deacon. playboy.
Don't forget. I helped you build this shit
and the fucking rules that come with it.
Look. 'trane.
I ain't gotta say this shit.
but I'm gonna say it anyway.
You already know I ain't
gonna ride without my uncle.
So if Deon's out. I'm out.
Keep an eye on him. man.
Because I'd rather pack this shit up
now and be done with our whole operation
than go back to the pen and
be cellies with that motherfucker
in a 6x8 cage for the
next decade. You feel me?
Say less. What you acting so scary for?
All right.
- These niggas slap boxing and shit.
- Hey. you want to give me a hug?
- Relax. bro.
- Come on.
I got you.
Yeah! Man. you were great out there.
Like motherfucking LeBron James.
I'm getting better every game.
You just got to keep working
hard because you got raw talent.
Remember that hard work beats
talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Yeah. no doubt. Thanks for coming.
I told you I'd be there.
So what's your coach saying?
… he's saying I need to keep working.
- Thank you.
But if I do. I got a good shot.
Okay. shot.
Shot at what? The league?
College scholarship for sure.
He doesn't want to get our
hopes up for more than that.
I hope you're not letting him
keep you from dreaming big. Noah.
Some motherfuckers assume.
they ain't make it. you can't make it.
You can do anything
you put your mind to.
- It just takes… -hard work.
- Hard work. That's right.
Hey. you want me to holler at him?
- I keep that blower on me now.
- Dad. I like my coach.
- I'm very persuasive.
- I like him. he good.
All right. say less.
Just that some people.
man. they. you know.
they think the path in front of you
is the path that they went down.
You make your own way.
When was the last time you
saw grandpa? Is he good?
Same old man. He ain't changed.
I haven't seen him in
like three christmases.
I don't understand why.
'Cause I ain't letting him
get anywhere near you.
- Just because you don't get along...
- it's not that. Noah.
- I just saw him. You know I pay his bills.
- Then why? Is it about your brother?
- What's going on?
- You actually want me to find out?
- Yeah. I want to know.
- All right.
One Adam 61. 415 group. Shots fired.
Los Angeles convention center.
That 415 is. disturbing the
peace. The group could be a mob.
1201 south figueroa
street. Respond code 3.
One Adam 61 en route. Show
me all available units. Code 3.
All units. better get there
fast. Whatever it is. it's big.
You need to go?
No. I ain't leaving. man.
They got that. I got you.
Tell me more about your team.
All right. … We made the playoffs.
- Peekaboo. nigga!
- Hands up.
Give me this shit. Clear.
Back your ass up. bitch!
- Come around here. Come on.
- Go to the back.
Keep it moving. Hands
where I can see them.
- Hurry!
- Do not talk.
Hands behind your fucking back.
What did I just say? Behind your back.
Give me your fucking hands.
Open the safe.
Everybody move to the fucking back!
Hurry up! Don't make
me repeat my fucking self!
- Get on.
- Think I'm playing?
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Good.
Hands.
Face down.
Be cool. you go home tonight.
- You. come.
- Just be cool.
Keep your mouth shut.
To the door.
Store two. Go.
Move it.
Move.
All right. Cut her ties.
Slowly withdraw your weapon
and place it on the floor!
Slowly. Smart people
live. Dumb people die.
- To the back!
- In the fucking bag.
- Get on the ground.
- Come here. Hey. Come here.
Come here. to the back with me.
Keep going. Go to the back.
Keep going. Keep going. Keep
going. Keep going. Keep going.
Stop. Listen.
Open it.
I... I can't remember.
- Listen. Hey. You got this.
- Okay.
I need you to open it for me.
Execute!
- Execute!
- Calm down.
- Okay.
Calm down.
211 in progress. Jewelry district.
Go time. We're on the clock.
Three minutes.
You balling. You keeping your grades up.
Good. man. What else is going on?
Actually. there is something
I want to ask you about.
There's this girl.
Yeah.
Her name is jenae.
She's cute. She's smart.
I hit her up on snap. but I
didn't really know what to say.
211 in progress. Jewelry
district. 412 west 6th street.
Units available to respond?
Seven minutes from here with
units at the convention center.
- What?
- The 415 I was telling you about.
Units are at the convention center.
Nobody's available to respond to the…
- Dad.
- Excuse me. we need to pack up his food.
Wait. Dad.
I got to call you an Uber
to get home. I gotta work.
- He'll be here in five minutes.
- Wait.
I can't wait. You'll be all
right. I'll see you at home.
Whatever. bro.
Two minutes.
You can remember this.
You do this all the time.
Okay. you got this.
Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast.
You got this.
There you go. That's good.
Hey. it's showtime. motherfucker.
10.000 on the set. cuh. Bet I do.
Who want to bet? You want to bet?
Yeah.
Store three. Go.
Move. Move. Move.
- Get your ass up! Get the fuck up!
- Move!
Get the fuck up. Hurry up.
On the ground. Hands behind your back!
Here. Move.
Hands behind your fucking back.
Hey. get behind that fucking
desk! I ain't fucking playing with you!
Open it.
Get your ass down now! Now!
Cruz. I need backup. 412 west 6th.
Stiles. eta is 30 minutes.
Everybody's at the convention center.
I know. but I need backup now.
See if there's an air unit available.
The 211. it's them. yvette. Trust me.
Just make the call. Please.
Thirty seconds. Thirty seconds.
- Hands behind your back.
- Cover!
- Hands behind your fucking back.
- Everybody take a deep breath.
Y'all gonna go home tonight.
Another rough road loss for la clippers
as they fall 105-97.
Motherfucking clippers. cuh.
Shit.
Fuck.
Get your ass on the fucking
ground! Now! It's gonna be over soon.
Move.
Hey. my bad. y'all. I got distracted.
And it almost got us killed.
The convention center
situation was phony.
No. No. it was a distraction.
They knew the call-out would
draw every cruiser in the sector.
It gave them enough
time to hit all three stores.
The witnesses said the lead guy
hit the alarm in the second store.
If they're so smart.
why would he do that?
They locked themselves
in that second store.
Nah.
They locked us out.
They knew the bars would slow
us down. so they hit the alarm.
They create confusion.
They control the clock.
They knew exactly what
to do and how to do it.
Until something went wrong. but
they were even prepared for that too.
Okay. so then…
One man gave instructions.
One man zip-tied everybody.
- And one guy went straight to the safes.
- Yes. plus a getaway driver.
That's a four-man crew.
like I've been saying.
When they entered this threshold.
with weapons drawn. they
were looking at baseball numbers.
Then they commit a robbery
with that kind of weaponry.
That's football numbers.
But when these motherfuckers
killed those two guards.
that was it. They
locked it in. Life or better.
They didn't hesitate. They dropped
them and then left with the score.
- Any idea how much they got?
- Tsk.
That's the crazy thing.
No jewelry's missing.
No loose cash.
Everything's accounted for.
Why wouldn't they take anything?
They're disciplined.
We need to know what they came to get
and how the fuck they knew it was here.
'Cause whatever it was. it was worth
this crew turning a 2-11 into a 187
on the drop of a fucking dime.
These motherfuckers
showed zero hesitation.
Walked out of here
without a goddamn trace.
Fuck.
If I had caught this
crew seven months ago.
these two men would still be alive.
If I caught them two years ago.
detective Shaw would
still be here with us.
Stiles. it's not your fault this happened.
- And you don't know this is the same...
- no. it's them.
I fucking know it.
Fuck.
You okay. Candace?
My husband.
He needs to get his priorities in order.
This right here is not it.
Yes. I'm familiar with that feeling.
You need a glass of wine.
Do you have chardonnay?
- I got you. girl.
- Thank you.
Baby.
I am so glad you're home.
I want you to meet my friend
from the charity. She's just outside.
What's wrong?
What happened?
I'll be in the office for a bit.
Okay.
We're downtown
at the scene of an armed
robbery turned double murder.
This is lieutenant Isaiah stiles.
He's with LAPD's
robbery homicide division.
What can you tell us at this point?
Well. Rick. a group of four
individuals. three armed. one driver.
they robbed three jewelry
stores all on the same street.
Now. these perpetrators. they
were so determined to pull this job off.
they went as far as to blow out a
whole wall to get to the third location.
We have two confirmed
dead at the moment.
That number is likely to rise as we
deal with injuries from the exploding wall.
We believe that this crime was
committed by a specific crew
responsible for multiple
high line armed robberies
throughout the south land
involving multiple homicides.
They're dangerous.
We're gonna find them.
It's only a matter of time.
Manny. you got him?
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Listen. Rick. I'm gonna catch this crew.
and when I do. your new life
will be a maxed-out sentence
on 23-and-1-hour
lockdown in a level 4 prison.
Before today. you had
all the options in the world.
Now you have two.
Jail or the morgue.
You make the call.
That's it from downtown.
Let's go back to the station.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org